com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/domain/Item/Item.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.domain.Item.Item
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/service/MemberService.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.service.MemberService
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/domain/Item/Movie.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.domain.Item.Movie
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/domain/order/OrderItem.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.domain.order.OrderItem
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/repository/MemberRepository.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.repository.MemberRepository
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/domain/member/Member.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.domain.member.Member
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/JpaExample1Application.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.JpaExample1Application
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/HelloController.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.HelloController
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/service/OrderService.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.service.OrderService
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/domain/code/OrderStatus.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.domain.code.OrderStatus
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/domain/order/Delivery.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.domain.order.Delivery
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/domain/Item/Book.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.domain.Item.Book
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/domain/category/Category.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.domain.category.Category
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/domain/order/Order.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.domain.order.Order
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/domain/code/DeliveryStatus.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.domain.code.DeliveryStatus
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/domain/common/Address.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.domain.common.Address
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/service/ItemService.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.service.ItemService
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/repository/ItemRepository.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.repository.ItemRepository
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/repository/OrderRepository.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.repository.OrderRepository
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/domain/Item/Album.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.domain.Item.Album
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/exception/NotEnoughStockException.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.exception.NotEnoughStockException
com/jpaExample/jpaExample1/Hello.java
 com.jpaExample.jpaExample1.Hello
